[SHMEM 1.6rc2 Sec 9.1-9.3] Clarification of team_ptr with TEAM_WORLD and multi-init with different thread levels (#548)
openshmem-org/specification: content/threads_intro.tex

\begin{enumerate}
\item

> In the \CONST{SHMEM\_THREAD\_FUNNELED} and \CONST{SHMEM\_THREAD\_SERIALIZED}
> thread levels, all invocations of \FUNC{shmem\_init\_thread} and
> \FUNC{shmem\_finalize} must be made by the same thread.
>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the \CONST{SHMEM\_THREAD\_FUNNELED}, \CONST{SHMEM\_THREAD\_SERIALIZED}, and
\CONST{SHMEM\_THREAD\_MULTIPLE} thread levels, the FUNC{shmem\_finalize}
call must be invoked by the same thread that called \FUNC{shmem\_init\_thread}.

```
